Changes in osmar version 1.1-8

  o Fixed a bug in the "navigator" demo; thanks to Rainer Bacher.
  o Added option 'encoding' in osmsource_api()

Changes in osmar version 1.1-7

  o A bug based on "gtools"" fixed, package "gtools" now not needed
    anymore; thanks to Nikolaus Schantz and Dominik Kalisch for 
    reporting the problems.


Changes in osmar version 1.1-6

  o Changed everything from "igraph0" to "igraph" because of cancellation 
    of "igraph0"-package.


Changes in osmar version 1.1-5

  o A special thanks goes to two anonymous reviewers and the editor
    Hadley Wickham of the R Journal.

  o Added abbreviation of the Value column in the elements' summary
    methods.

  o Added dim method for osmar objects; returns the number of nodes,
    ways, and relations.

  o Fixed error when trying to plot an osmar object with nodes but
    without ways.

  o Added citation (currently to a preprint of the accepted article).

  o Replaced 'subset's with '['s to avoid R CMD check notes "no
    visible binding for global variable ...".


Changes in osmar version 1.1-4

  o Changed suggestion of the "igraph" to "igraph0"

  o Changed everything from igraph to "igraph0"


Changes in osmar version 1.1-3

  o This is the FOSSGIS 2012 release!

  o Fixed find_*.* bug; occured when calling one of these function
    inside another function.

  o Fixed bug in as_sp_lines and as_sp_polygons.


Changes in osmar version 1.1-2

  o A special thanks goes to Roger Bivand who is involved in most of
    the fixes and improvements in this version!

  o Added inst/extdata/kaufstr.xml and an example in ?as_osmar.

  o Added muc.RData and removed \dontrun from most of the examples.

  o Introduced as_osmar_bbox generic and as_osmar_bbox.Spatial.

  o Renamed bbox function to corner_bbox function to avoid NAMESPACE
    clashes with the sp package.

  o c.osmar/unique bug resolved (unique removes closed ways).

  o summary.nodes/no keyval bug resolved (problem if osmar$nodes does
    not have any tags)


Changes in osmar version 1.1-1

  o Workaround for a serious xmlClone-bug; thanks to Roger Bivand for
    detecting the problem and Duncan Temple Lang for trying to
    understand the problem.

  o More documentation on element identifiers, osm sources, etc.


Changes in osmar version 1.1

  o Refactored package; standalone osmar object, different OSM
    sources, converter methods to sp and igraph.

  o Roxygenized.

  o Navigation device as demo.


Changes in osmar version 1.0

  o Initial version on CRAN.
